---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3"
date:   2016-02-06 13:05:00
categories: posts
tags: [weekly posts]
---

**1.What did you do this past week?**

This week I completed my Collatz project without too many issues in the final
parts. In class we finished off exceptions and took one last look at testing
code that performs the same task but in different ways. This gave me an insight
into a very convenient way to test the efficiency of your code. We then looked
at a few python concepts such as various types and operators. We looked briefly
at stacks and how certain programming methods such as recursion can run into
issues with it. We finished off the week looking at different data structures
in the python language such as tuples and dictionaries.


**2.What's in your way?**

Having finished the project this week there's not anything that's currently in
my way. I have to catch up on the book readings but other than that I feel like
I've settled into the course well.


**3.What will you do next week?**

Next week I expect we'll start the second project which I believe involves working
in pairs. Other than that I'm not quite sure what Professor Downing has planned
for us.


I'm really happy with how I've settled into the course this week, completing the
first assignment without receiving an e-mail saying I broke the graders script
was nice. Coming into the course from another university made me nervous as to
what to expect. But I feel comfortable now in my abilities to get through this
course.

**Tip of the week**

My tip of the week is to get something like a Rubik's cube for when you get
really frustrated with your code, and I know everyone's been there. Personally
I find the Rubik's cube to be great when I'm getting really worked up over
a bug that I've invested consecutive hours into fixing with no success. I'll
keep it on my desk and whenever I find myself getting stressed out I'll just
close the lid of my laptop and pick up the Rubik's cube. It might not work
for everyone but I find it just takes your mind completely off programming
while you focus on the cube. You then come back to the programming task with a
fresh mind ready to give it another go.
