---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1"
date:   2016-01-26 15:20:00
categories: posts
tags: [weekly posts]
---

After a lot of struggle and getting vexed with windows I finally got this blog
working (several days late). Jekyll seems to work very awkwardly on windows.
Nonetheless it's up now.

My first week in this class was obviously quite interesting as it's my first
time in America, and I was very intrigued by the standard of the class and what
the lecturers would be like.


*1.What did you do this past week?*

In the first week of class we went through some introductory material
and were given a brief overview of python. It was very clear early on that
this class would be quite interactive, which is very different to my
home university in Ireland. That said I find it quite enjoyable as you get
to see the thought process of other students expressed throughout. We had the
first of our daily class quizzes, which ensure that we do the readings
specified.

*2.What's in your way?*

We have received our first project, the collatz problem. We should be getting
stuck into it early next week I expect.

*3.What will you do next week?*

Next week we will work more extensively on the current project and get
an insight into deeper python concepts. I think we'll also be doing some
testing and working with test frameworks.


My impression of the class so far is that it seems in depth and I really like
the lecturers teaching method. He teaches in a way that I find different but
intuitive to pick up the concepts he teaches.

*Tip of the week*
My tip for the week is more of a productivity tip than a software
engineering tip but I still think it applies. I recommend investing in
a high quality pair of headphones or earphones. As long as they have active
noise cancellation I think you will find them super helpful for focusing
intensely while programming. In my opinion any sort of external noise is
a severe distraction so with the right music on I become increasingly
productive.
