---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4"
date:   2016-02-14 23:08:00
categories: posts
tags: [weekly posts]
---

**1.What did you do this past week?**

This week I didn't do very much work for this class as I had a large assignment
due for my modern web applications class. I did however do much better in the
quizzes than I normally do so I'm pleased with this improvement. At the start
of the week we were introduced to our next project, the Netflix project. We had
some interesting readings about the effects of miniscule coding errors that
had huge physical and financial ramifications for the space programs involved.
On wednesday we had a guest speaker in from a company called Main Street Hub.
I found it it really refreshing to hear from a successful graduate who's
currently working in the field, but not for one of the giants such as Google.
Ben seemed very down to earth and relatable so it was nice to see someone
who graduated from the college talking about their career and giving advice.

**2.What's in your way?**

As of right now myself and my partner are only starting the current assignment
as our workload from other classes simply took over this week. We hope to put in
some serious coding sessions between now and Thursday in order to pull this
assignment off.

**3.What will you do next week?**

I'm hoping we will receive our grades back for the first project soon. I will
be investing a lot of time on the Netflix project, which won't be too much of
an issue as I live with my coding partner so we'll likely have some caffeine
fueled late nights this week.

**Tip of the week**

My tip of the week is focused on good coding practice. It's pretty basic but
it's a reminder that everyone needs every so often. It's simply to recognize
when you're feeling lazy with your code and decide you won't bother adding a
particular test or ensuring your code is robust by ensuring all cases can be
handled. The reading this week hit home with the fact that a paid engineer
thought that a metric could never reach a certain level and it caused an
overflow which essentially caused the space ship to explode. These tiny details
are the ones we need to pay most attention to when building code as it can
have a massive knock on effect. So basically, when you don't feel bothered
ensuring your code is robust, it's always worthwhile putting in the extra effort.
Because you could end up creating code some day that people's lives depend on
and you don't want to be the person who's code breaks and costs lives!
