---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2"
date:   2016-01-31 22:20:00
categories: posts
tags: [weekly posts]
---

**1.What did you do this past week?**

This week I got started on the Collatz project and made some headway on it.
In class we started learning about unit testing and assertions.

**2.What's in your way?**

I'm currently only about half way through the Collatz project if even so I need
to invest a decent amount of time next week into getting it complete. I also
need to get to grips with the quizzes as my results have been very much
all or nothing with regards to what I know. I think I need to spend more time
going over the readings as the trend seems to be covering previous lectures
and readings.


**3.What will you do next week?**

Next week we will hopefully finish the Collatz project and continue learning
unit testing, I expect. I'd say near the end of the next week we'll start the
next project. I hope to improve my quiz scores this week by completing
the readings.

So far I'm really enjoying the pace of this class, it's not too quick, but fast
enough to keep you on your toes. I'm still finding the interactivity of the
class thoroughly enjoyable, so I hope this continues. The examples in class
that were given were great as it forced us to work with others in the class,
allowing an International student like myself to make more contacts.

**Tip of the week**

My tip of the week is to use github's text editor Atom. The main reason I give
this tip is that it's extremely customizable and has a great package for
highlighting errors in python code called flake8. Flake8 is great because
it enables you to pick up on code errors before you compile or run, a common
feature in IDE's such as eclipse, but in a lightweight text editor it's really
handy.
