---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5"
date:   2016-02-21 19:26:00
categories: posts
tags: [weekly posts]
---

**1.What did you do this past week?**

This week myself and my coding partner completed our Netflix program with a
RMSE of 0.96. We were quite pleased with this as we started to assignment
quite late with only 4 days until the deadline. We got it all working
but then we added an assertion which we didn't test and submitted the assignment
with an assertion error. We were slightly annoyed that we neglected testing
this but it's only 20% in the grand scheme and we are pretty confident with
the rest of our program. The most interesting thing we learned about python
this week was definitely 'yield', I had used it before in my functional
programming class back home last semester, but I didn't realize it was possible
in python. We also read two papers about software issues in missile
tracking systems used in Saudi Arabia. The system was designed to handle
missiles at around MACH 2, and the exposure of them to MACH 5 missiles caused
an error in precision to have serious consequences.

**2.What's in your way?**

As of right now we have the date of our midterm which is Thursday week. I'm hoping
to put in some good study for it this week as I won't have as much time to study
next week. I really need to do well in this midterm as my quiz results are really
lacking. So hopefully it goes ok.


**3.What will you do next week?**

Next week I expect we will continue into deeper parts of python but now that
we've finished the second assignment I think we won't be given another until after
the mid term.


**Tip of the week**

My tip this week is to get proficient in JavaScript as it was announced in the
bi-annual rankings table as the most used programming language for the past
6 months graphed between github and stackoverflow statistics. It has maintained
this ranking over the past year. So it seems like it's a language it would do
no harm to be competent in.
